stop it stop what that yeah I'm stopped
checking it since were Landin no I'll
tell you editor anywho yeah hot no good
then ignore him I thought what came here
for a timeout we did and what's the
point of us being here you're not gonna
have just try and relax
her brother drowned when she was 10 she
couldn't swim so she did what she
thought was best and ran to get help by
the time she got back he was already
dead oh that's horrible but look around
you risk surrounded by water yeah she
can swim she made her parents teach her
that after that but that doesn't mean
she likes do anything happen to you okay
so we can end this oh my god it's her
whoo that's a girl from from the photo
that boban showed us it's that guy's
daughter oh this is the fucking
shitstorm you fix this before it's just
on the whole fuckin network take this
take this take my problems
you never know could be good for ratings
just a thought hmm remember we meant to
be here remember this place it was my
prophecy let me let me for you only on
the edge can one truly look over what I
saw both terrified me and turn me on
you